Resources and support.
To help you prepare and share your research data effectively, several resources and support services are available.
FRDR Documentation
Guidance on how to deposit, cure it, and manage your data in the FRDR platform.
Borealis User Guide
Instructions on using Borealis from data set creation to publication.
Training Resources from the Digital Research Alliance of Canada.
Workshops, videos, and materials to build your data management skills.
This presentation is also available online in both English and French.
You can scan the QR code or use the provided link.
If you need help, reach out to us directly.
Email rdm-gr at alliancecand.ca or the website www.frdr-dfdr.ca.
Our team can guide you through the process of organizing, documenting, and publishing your data set, ensuring it meets best practices and reaches the wider research community.